previously
on "one tree hill"...
I stripped naked,
And that boy
didn't even flinch.
i'm sorry.
what did i do?
What you didn't do is tell me
that ho bag got naked for you.
Oh, that.
You -- couch.
You -- fired.
Did you go home with that guy
last night?
Yeah.
Nathan doesn't want us
hanging out,
And i, uh, i have to
respect that.
How'd you like
to stay the night tonight?
Like old times.
That's up to you,
isn't it?
Dan: i'd been given
only days to live.
That was 14 months ago.
I have a proposition
for you.
Nathan's your son.
it could ruin him.
He's doing this
because he wants to bury nathan.
And the deeper
nathan is buried,
The more money he'll have to
pay you to dig himself out.
Okay.
I'm in.
[ woman laughs ]
[ exhales sharply ]
They're excited.
And i didn't even have to
pay them this time.
It's gonna be a big show.
Dan, you reached out to nathan,
and he hung up on you.
He was never gonna
forgive you, anyway.
Sometimes the truth
is all we have.
* information's wrong *
* communication's lost *
* i got to find
what's keeping me up *
* problems on the line *
* i got no map this time *
Hey.
Skills is gonna take jamie
for the day,
Just to keep him away
from the tv.
Yeah.
[ sighs ]
You know,
the first memory i have
Is sitting on my father's lap
holding a basketball.
He spent my entire life
trying to get me into the nba.
[ scoffs ]
Now he's gonna
take it away.
[ sighs ]
* no matter what i do,
it all comes apart with you *
* you're such a menace,
and you're no good *
What are you looking at,
goof?
* beginning tonight,
under my skin *
* it's waiting, waiting,
waiting *
* you'll be another one
before all of this is done *
* don't keep the menace
too long, no *
* no matter what i do,
it all falls apart with you *
* you're such a menace,
and you're no good *
How you doing?
Uh, you didn't tell me
that this show was live.
Oh, it's better this way.
Bigger audience,
bigger ratings.
After today,
everyone will know your story.
[ chuckles ]
i'm nervous.
Don't be.
Just speak from your heart,
and don't forget to smile.
You'll be fine.
Mr. scott?
Yeah?
What happened
between you and nathan?
I murdered his uncle...
Among other things.
I'll see you out there.
This should be
the last of it.
I'm so sorry
about all this.
It's fine.
no, it's not fine.
You've been amazing
about everything,
And it just --
I'm sorry.
I'll talk to him.
These aren't mine.
Awesome.
Are you coming to watch
the show?
No, i need
to watch it here.
I told nate
i'd call him after.
Okay.
See ya.
Drive safe.
Thanks.
Hey, clay?
I hope everything
turns out okay.
You and nathan
are both really great guys,
And you deserve better.
So do you, quinn.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
[ laughs ]
So, let's run down
the list.
There's blondie from
the body-wash commercial.
She has a name, you know.
it's kylie.
Of course it is.
There's the actress
who can...
[ seductive voice ]
be in your bed in 20 minutes.
[ normal voice ]
make it 30.
And there's this one,
Nathan's sister-in-law.
It's a little early for a beer,
isn't it?
You know what i want?
Grape kool-aid.
Stop it.
It's okay if you like her.
No, it's not.
why not?
Because
she's somebody's wife.
so? i was your wife.
Yeah.
But you left me.
Things change, clay.
She's beautiful...
And you like her.
She's not you.
[ sighs ]
Look, i have to watch
nathan's and my career
Possibly end
on this nightmare tv show.
You can go if you want.
No, don't be silly, babe.
I'm not going anywhere.
[ sighs ]
Oh, hey, hey, hey,
here.
Thanks.
oh, what is all this?
David dropped off
some of my stuff.
In the garage?
Not exactly.
[ sighs ] look, hales, i thought
i'd just watch from my room,
You know, to give you and nathan
some space.
But i'm here
if you need me.
I know, quinny.
thank you.
Okay.
Nathan...
Hey, um,
it's gonna start soon.
[ sighs ]
It's been a good life,
huh?
Yeah.
It's been
a wonderful life.
You know,
when this show is over,
It's still gonna be
a wonderful life
Because i love you
and your son loves you,
And nothing that happens
in the next hour
Is gonna change that.
God, i needed to hear you
say that.
Good.
[ sighs ]
I really needed
to say it.
Dan: my guest tonight's
grown rather infamous
Over the last few weeks.
Her name is renee richardson,
And she's nearly
4 months pregnant.
And she claims
that this nba player
Is the father
of her unborn child.
That player
happens to be my son.
They say that truth is the best
vindication against slander.
so what is the truth?
is she lying,
or am i about to become
a grandfather again?
we'll meet her and hear her
story when we come back.
[ applause ]
dan: believe nothing
just because
a wise man said it
or you read it in a book
Or it's of divine origin
Or simply because
your mother told you.
It doesn't make it true.
Believe only what you yourself
can test and judge to be true.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Please welcome my guest,
renee richardson.
[ audience boos, applauds ]
Clay: here we go.
hi, renee.
hi. thank you
for having me.
She's pretty.
Crazy-looking as all hell,
but...pretty.
Dan: we're gonna talk
about a lot of things tonight,
But just to set the stage,
Can you tell us a little bit
about the night
Of the alleged affair,
the first time you met nathan?
Um, we had been to a lot
of the same parties and clubs,
But we hadn't really
been introduced.
And that was, what,
nearly four months ago?
Um, that's right.
Uh, i remember because it was
the night of the memphis game,
And nathan scored
his season high that night.
35 points, 11 assists,
and six boards?
you killed it tonight!
[ chuckles ]
Here is
to your contract year
And to making my job
a hell of a lot easier.
Cheers. [ chuckles ]
Excuse me?
i'm sorry.
I don't mean to bother you,
but could we get a picture?
Absolutely.
just give us one second.
dude, having you around
is so much better than a puppy.
[ chuckles ]
but seriously...
I'm proud of you,
And i love you,
and you absolutely deserve this.
[ glasses clink ]
Whew.
Oh, yeah,
that's the one.
[ clears throat ]
all right, let's do this.
Nathan scott, the girls.
the girls, nathan scott.
Hi. nathan.
nice to meet you.
How you doing?
nathan.
All right.
Mmm.
somebody smells good.
[ chuckling ]
that's the rainstorm body spray.
All right,
let's make it look sexy.
And on the count of 2.
1...2.
We were really hammered
that night.
It was the longest road trip
of the year.
You were lonely.
I'm always lonely.
On the count of 2.
Whoo!
[ exhales sharply ]
That's a long way down.
Thanks.
That really helps me
right now.
Sorry, i'm -- i'm just not
a huge fan of heights.
Yeah --
You know,
beer bongs i can do.
I think they are
a beautiful college tradition.
Streaking through the quad --
that's another one.
Well, i could do that.
Yeah?
Man, did i pick
the wrong school.
[ laughs ]
I'm clay.
Hi. i'm sara.
How about
we do this together?
* and just like that,
it's over *
On the count of 2.
Wait!
On the count of 2?
nobody goes on the count of 2.
Yeah, i know.
i'll be our thing --
Something we can tell
the grandkids about.
[ laughing ] oh.
Well, i'm gonna tell them
about streaking on the quad.
Yeah, nobody wants to hear that
from their grandparents.
[ laughs ]
Actually,
i take that back.
everyone would love
hearing that from
their grandparents.
[ laughs ]
Attagirl. you ready?
You okay?
On 2.
1...
2.
* that song you softly sing
is keeping you from breaking *
[ gasps ]
[ laughs ]
See?
How badass were you?
[ gasps ]
tell that to the grandkids.
[ laughs ]
Dan: let's back up a little bit
to when you were younger.
We did our research
and found out you were once...
A cheerleader...
Uh, yes.
...and a homecoming queen...
And, more recently,
a hostess in a club.
Uh, yes, but there was no nudity
or anything.
I understand.
my wife was a stripper --
a little nudity.
[ chuckles ]
Have you
ever been married?
No.
But you knew
nathan was married.
I-i felt bad about it.
I mean, obviously,
i-i wish that he wasn't,
But...i was attracted
to him.
And attraction
is not a choice.
It just is.
Have you ever been in love,
renee?
Yes.
It feels good,
doesn't it?
Falling in love is the easiest
thing you're ever gonna do.
It's the most exciting
thing.
It's the most powerful
that's why falling out of love
hurts like hell.
but falling in love --
there's nothing better.
it's the best
it ever gets.
Hey. [ laughs ]
Mm.
Did i ever tell you
how amazing you are?
Mnh-mnh.
[ chuckles ]
You're amazing...
and beautiful...
And talented.
And one of these days,
i'm gonna get you
a real darkroom,
Not just some cramped
apartment bathroom.
Stop. come here.
look at this.
Look how happy you are.
i don't need
a big darkroom.
I just need you
to always be that happy,
'cause you deserve that.
How'd i get so lucky
with you?
[ laughs ]
Technically, you haven't
gotten lucky just yet.
But i think
you're about to.
[ laughs ]
[ clatter ]
Oh! [ laughs ]
we got to get
a bigger darkroom.
Dan:
and then you kissed.
Yes.
And the kissing
escalated.
Yes.
When we come back,
We're gonna talk a little
about love and loss
And how we're sometimes
our own worst enemies.
And then we're gonna find out
if renee is telling the truth,
After this.
[ applause ]
You awake?
Depends.
good news or bad news?
[ chuckles ]
That video position came up
at work again.
And i took it.
David, why?
Because i'm tired
of being poor.
We're not poor.
we're frugal.
Mrs. padilla said she's been
driving you to work.
It's just sometimes the car
won't start.
How do you get home?
I catch a ride or i walk.
Quinn.
i like walking.
Baby, what about
your documentary?
I stopped at the library
and got the grant forms.
It's what
we've talked about.
you've always wanted.
And i'll still want it
a year from now.
But this is good money,
quinn.
I want to get you
a house...
And that darkroom.
I don't need those things.
I need you to be happy
and inspired.
well,
this will make me happy.
and you'll
keep me inspired.
[ chuckles ]
Please?
Say it's okay?
Say, "okay."
okay, okay,
okay, okay, okay.
Promise me
you'll fill out the forms.
Of course.
and if something comes up,
then, that you'll take it.
Of course, of course,
of course, of course.
I promise.
Okay.
I love you,
you know that?
I love you, too.
Dan:
falling in love is easy.
But a lifetime of love --
now, there's a miracle.
You know i love you.
And you know i fired alex,
But you're still working
with her.
I like her script, brooke.
you like her script
or you like her?
Relationships
aren't always easy.
I should know.
i'm on my second marriage.
[ light laughter ]
yep.
How many of you
are divorced?
divorce doesn't just happen.
and relationships
don't just end in an instant.
What'd you do with your ring,
anyway?
Your wedding band.
Where is it?
I don't know.
You don't know,
or you don't want to remember?
Hey, sara...
What do you think?
I think you look like a boy
playing dress-up.
[ sighs ] come on.
this is my shot.
I got to get in the mailroom,
i become an assistant,
They make me junior agent,
And i'm in.
and you're in.
Help.
The person interviewing you --
it's a woman, right?
[ sighs ] yeah.
Jeans
and a button-up shirt,
and go heavy
on the boyish grin.
You sure?
Hey, it got you me,
didn't it?
You don't think
that will be too casual?
Here.
Married says mature,
stable, and dependable --
Everything they'll want to see
in a future agent.
Only i'm not married.
Then marry me,
you knucklehead.
Yes.
[ laughs ]
Yes!
Well,
there's that boyish grin!
[ giggling ]
We all want to be loved,
to be happy.
So why aren't we?
Because we've become experts
At sabotaging
our own happiness...
...feeling like victims,
when, in fact,
It's the choices we make.
The bad habits, the vices,
The inability to show love
and compassion --
These are the things
that tear us down.
We're not...
Victims.
We're assassins when it comes
to love and happiness.
Renee is beautiful,
And she's smart,
and she wants love in her life,
And yet who did she choose
to sleep with?
Allegedly.
A man who was unavailable
to her.
Now, she may be telling
the truth...
And she may deserve
compensation,
But she is no victim.
[ applause ]
Oh.
We applaud the sentiment,
but we don't change.
Why?
Because we want
what we want.
So we do it, we say it,
try it,
And we victimize ourselves,
and we hire an attorney,
And it has to stop.
[ applause ]
Renee...
You say nathan scott,
My son, is the father
of your unborn child, right?
Yes.
I believe you.
[ audience murmurs ]
i think
you're telling the truth.
And more than that,
i'm going to prove it...
With the help of
this lie-detector machine...
[ audience murmurs ]
...when we come back.
[ applause ]
This is just --
This is unbelievable.
[ sighs ]
Two minutes, guys.
What is this about?
What's what about, honey?
No, i-i didn't
agree to this.
Relax.
it's great television.
No, you don't --
here's the thing --
If you're lying, science
will prove it eventually,
And if not, you have nothing
to worry about.
Don't forget to smile.
[ footsteps departing ]
[ sighs ]
Nathan.
Do you believe this?
Do you realize how ridiculous
this is?
The guy shot his brother
at point-blank range,
And now he has
a hit tv show.
He's rolling out some rigged-up
lie-detector machine,
And i have to sit 3,000 miles
away and just take it.
Screw him.
I mean it.
Let's not even watch
the rest of the show.
It's a nice day.
It's a nice life.
[ scoffs ]
How can you be so strong?
Dan: it's a question
of character.
It's really about
who has better character.
Is it renee...
or nathan?
Clay:
and if you sign with me,
I promise you
that the energy and resources
That i'll dedicate to you
and your career
Will be unmatched.
Okay. i'm in!
Can i give you
my two cents?
sure.
This is all still about
that wide receiver, right?
Yeah.
I think...
...you can do better.
Babe,
this guy is a big deal.
I mean, he can change
everything for me.
But you said it yourself --
he's a bad guy.
And if i only represent
good guys,
I may have no clients
at all.
No, i don't believe that.
i don't think you do, either.
The guy is great, sara.
he's not great.
he's just a great player.
And the man i love
knows the difference.
That's what's gonna make you
a great agent.
You'll find players
that you can believe in
And clients
that become friends.
You'll find someone
Who has integrity
and character and heart.
and that will change everything
for you.
and that's the man
i fell in love with.
[ both chuckle ]
Brooke: i love you,
you know that.
I know.
[ sighs ]
You really hurt
my feelings
When you said
we weren't getting married.
When did i ever say anything
about marriage?
When your dad
came to town.
You said
we weren't getting married
Like it was some sort of
completely ridiculous notion
To you.
No.
Brooke, i was venting.
It had nothing to do
With the actual concept
of marrying you.
I think about that
all the time.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, good, because that's what
i wrote in the sand.
That night you said
you were gonna take that
movie in new zealand,
I-i wrote "marry me"
in the sand,
And then
i didn't tell you
Because you said
you were leaving.
Surprise.
Quinn: david?
David.
What is this?
Surprise.
Dan:
i know this is a surprise,
But we have an expression
on this show --
Step into the light...
Together:
and get yourself right!
...and get yourself right.
During the break,
We hooked renee up
to a lie detector,
And here's how it works.
I'll ask renee a question,
and depending on her answer,
The words "true" or "lie"
Will appear on the screens
behind me.
For instance,
is your name renee richardson?
Yes.
Excellent.
let's begin.
Did you, in fact,
meet nathan scott at a party,
As you described earlier?
Yes.
did you flirt
with nathan scott?
Yes.
Did nathan flirt back?
Renee:
you smell good.
That's my rainstorm
body spray.
Oh.
Yes.
[ audience murmurs ]
Believe only what you yourself
test and judge to be true.
Renee,
is nathan scott, my son,
The father
of your unborn child?
Yes.
[ audience gasps ]
Hey, it's Clay.
It's my third time calling,
buddy.
Look, i'm watching the show
right now,
And i, um...i just want
to talk to you.
So, please call me back,
all right?
Hales?
Nathan?
* i won't do what you told me *
* i won't do what you said *
* no, i'm not
gonna stop feeling *
* i'm not gonna forget *
Hey, david,
do you know where --
Hey, babe.
Uh...what is this?
Okay, okay,
i-i know it's expensive,
But i just had
a thought --
Screening room.
Okay.
i'm just saying --
I go to work, i come home,
i sit here --
I'm happy.
Remember that old car
that we had...
And the futon?
We were really happy then.
Yeah,
that futon sucked, baby.
I love this picture
of you.
Really?
'cause that guy was struggling,
foolish, and broke.
That's not true.
quinn...
...you've got some crazy,
romantic notion
of who i used to be,
of who we used to be.
We were just naive kids.
God forbid
i ever go back to that.
Can you hand me
a phillips screwdriver?
It's in the box
over there.
Sure.
How great is this room,
by the way?
No windows.
it's perfect.
It's a really dark room.
Did you mean it
when you proposed?
I did that night.
But not anymore.
I don't know right now.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
I'm sorry
i hurt your feelings.
[ sighs ]
Dan: sometimes we fall short of
the people we are meant to be,
And sometimes people do things
they're ashamed of.
Thank you, renee.
And usually,
after the guilt sets in,
We make things worse.
My son, nathan scott,
is a good man,
But sometimes people
do funny things
In the face of pressure
and desperation.
And the truth...
Well,
truth is an absolute,
And the truth
can set you free.
My name is dan scott.
I love my wife, rachel.
What is he doing?
My son, nathan, loves me.
I'm president
of the united states.
[ light laughter ]
[ audience murmurs ]
I'm santa claus.
I didn't kill my brother.
[ audience "oohs" ]
Hey, you guys
got to get in here!
Life is funny, isn't it?
Sometimes bad things
happen to good people,
And it isn't fair.
This is a still frame
of the moment i told you
We were gonna do
the lie-detector test.
Your pupils are dilated.
your eyebrows are arched.
It means
you were surprised.
This is a still frame
of the moment
After you said nathan
had slept with you
And the monitors
said "true."
You were surprised again,
weren't you?
Sometimes bad things happen
to good people.
I think you're a good person,
renee.
I think something bad
happened to you,
And you were clever enough
to see a way out.
Nathan: all right.
[ chuckles ] mmm.
you smell good.
Oh, that's the rainstorm
body spray. [ chuckles ]
All right.
let's make it look sexy.
Okay -- ooh, easy.
not too sexy.
That'll cost us $20 million
next year.
On the count of 2.
1...2.
I don't think
you wanted to.
I think you were afraid...
and lost and desperate.
You knew nathan
was in a contract year,
And you knew he had
too much to drink that night.
Maybe someone lied
to you,
Maybe someone took advantage
of you, or maybe...
Being a good person
just wasn't paying off.
I don't want
to do this anymore.
I know.
but here's the good news.
You can stop it --
Right here, right now.
You wanted to get some money,
some security.
What's so little
to someone who has so much?
And then you got angry,
and then the press got involved,
And then there was
no turning back.
Renee...
We have a team
of experts backstage
Who study body language
and heart-rate response
And all of it.
You were at that party
that night,
And you had sex,
didn't you?
And you got pregnant.
But you didn't have sex
with nathan scott,
and you never had sex
with nathan scott, did you?
No.
[ sobs ]
[ sighs ]
Well, what do you know?
Character
changes everything.
It's okay.
It's over now.
[ sobs ]
It's over.
Thanks.
He says she's dropping
everything.
[ sighs ]
I'm so sorry
you had to go through this.
I shouldn't have been drunk
at that party, haley.
I just --
You --
You're still young.
We both are.
I think --
I think we just forget
that sometimes.
[ chuckles softly ]
[ sighs ]
What are you
listening to?
You know.
I never changed it.
Play it.
I can't.
For me?
[ willie nelson's "angel flying
too close to the ground" plays ]
* if you had not have
fallen... *
I love this song.
You look beautiful.
Well, thank you,
handsome.
Dance with me.
* and i patched up
your broken wing *
You know what i want?
What?
Grape kool-aid.
* trying to keep
your spirits up *
[ laughs ]
* and your fever down *
[ chuckling ]
* i knew someday... *
You know what i hate?
I hate these pens.
It's either
way too much fluid
Or not nearly enough,
But it's never
the right amount.
And they cost,
like, a fortune.
[ page turns ]
What are you looking at,
you goof?
Sara, hey.
Hey, sara! hey!
* so leave me if you need to *
* i will still remember *
* angel flying too close *
* to the ground *
* leave me if you need to *
* i will still remember *
* angel flying too close *
* to the ground *
[ cheers and applause ]
[ record crackling ]
[ knock on door ]
[ echoing ] clay.
[ breathing shakily ]
Sometimes
i can't see you anymore.
I forget things about you,
And i'm afraid
that i'm losing us.
Like the way you smelled
and, uh...
The sound of your voice
and how you felt in my arms,
And, um...
If you let someone in,
you'll erase me.
You won't.
I can't.
[ knock on door ]
Open the door, clay.
[ sighs ]
Clay...
It's okay.
On the count of 2.
1...2.
Hey!
I think
you need to go home.
Oh, okay. i'm sorry.
i didn't know it was a bad time.
To david.
I think you should go home
to david.
And i'm sorry, too.
* load the car
and write the note *
* grab your bag
and grab your coat *
I love you so much,
my beautiful wife.
[ sighs ]
* tell the ones
that need to know *
* we are headed north *
* one foot in, one foot back *
* but it don't pay to live
like that *
* so i cut the tires,
and i jump the tracks *
* for never to return *
* ah, brooklyn, brooklyn,
take me in *
"a team
of experts backstage"?
Nice touch.
So how'd you know
she was lying?
He's still my son.
i raised him.
I know what kind of man
he is.
Besides...
Takes a con
to know a con.
It was a good show.
I love you.
Yeah.
* with him and her
and you and me *
* ah, but it's just
a waste of time *
* yeah,
it's such a waste of time *
You okay?
No.
I need to know that you feel
the same way that i do,
That you can...see yourself
doing this with me forever,
Because if not,
what am i doing?
what -- what are we doing?
what --
Hey.
who are we?
Hey. look at me.
we're us, brooke.
You're the girl i love
with all my heart,
And i'm the boy who's gonna be
with you forever.
We don't have to rush
into anything.
Forever is
a very long time.
* ah, brooklyn, brooklyn,
take me in *
It's not fair.
We were supposed
to have more time.
and you still do.
I don't want you
to be alone, honey.
You like her -- quinn.
Why'd you send her away?
I don't want to lose us.
No, you can't erase who we were
or what we had.
No one can.
We burned
so bright together.
You won't lose that.
I loved you so much, sara.
You were perfect with me...
And you always will be.
But now it's time
to let go.
It's okay, honey.
* are you aware of the shape
i'm in? *
I love you.
* my hands, they shake,
my head, it spins *
* spins *
* ah, brooklyn, brooklyn,
take me in *
* dumbed down
and numbed by time and age *
* your dreams that catch
the world the cage *
* the highway sets
the traveler's stage *
* all exits look the same *
* three words
that became hard to say *
* "i" and "love" and "you" *
-- Sync by honeybunny --
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org